Update the rest for CV environments (#5234)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-content-source-of-a-host.adoc

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Click the name of the host you want to modify.
. Open the options menu next to the *Edit* button and select *Change content source*.

> . From the *Content source* list, select the new content source.

Reviewer: Alternative wording to make this more descriptive/less self-referential:

```suggestion
. From the *Content source* list, select your {SmartProxy} that you want to use to provide software to your host.
```

> . In the *Content view environments* area, assign the content view environments you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Content view environments* area, select the lifecycle environment and content view you want to use.
```
